dear Dolores de AR this is an animal as
I'm writing this letter I'm eating
potato chips and I'm starting to get
thirsty and you know this is pathetic
right tell me what you're trying to say
hmm yeah I miss her didn't say that but
doing in a manner that no one else has
ever done it before something like put
this down falling in love with you was
the easiest thing I've ever done nothing
matters to me but you and every day I'm
alive I'm aware of this I loved you the
day I met you I love you today and I
will love you the rest of my life
[Music]
so can I put PS kisser kids up here yes
yeah like at the end
that's like clinging a cowbell at the
end the Shostakovich is seven right
that's good it's perfect talking
[Music]